there's a difference between visible
quads and usable quads if you don't
believe me try this visible quads are
made by increasing the muscle mass in
the area usable quads are built by
training in both lengthened positions
like that and shortened positions like
that by the way your middle quad muscle
is also a hip flexor it literally flexes
the hip which is why when you stretch
your hip flexor and lift your back leg
it makes it way more intense for your
hips but instead of just stretching
after sitting all day do the deepest
split squat you can ideally with a huge
stretch in the back leg and with the
knee past the toes if you can't do that
yet try it on an elevated surface first
do 10 slow reps on each side bounce back
and forth a few times and then you'll
have visible and usable quads and now
since they're longer and stronger you
might as well stretch your hamstrings
and get to your front split as well stay
flexy